teams.txt

TEAMS
CORIMA products have always been the choice of the top cycling athletes. Many riders and teams are riding CORIMA wheels worldwide.

It is our determination which allows us to confront & overcome the most difficult challenges. From the first monobloc DISC wheels in 1988, the first 4 Spoke wheels in 1991 until the AERO+ Tubeless 3 years ago and now the MCC wheels -all of which are being used by Champions.

The top racing level allows us to perform live road tests by professionals.

ASTANA
equipe-astana
 

The ASTANA Team, a Pro Tour world elite team, rides with the entire range of CORIMA wheels. Made up of riders of many nationalities, this team symbolizes the universal passion for the sport of cycling. The ASTANA team successfully uses our range of wheels in their races all over the world, with the Tour de France as the high point of their season.

 

SAUR-SOJASUN SÉCHÉ
equipe-saur-sojasun
 

The SAUR-SOJASUN Séché Team run by Stephane HEULOT is known for its high level of professionalism, especially when it comes to selecting its equipment, essential if you want to shine in a global and increasingly competitive environment. The team competes in the best events on the calendar, from the northern classics to the Tour de France.

 

BRETAGNE SCHULLER
equipe-bretagne-schuller
 

Brittany, the land of cycling, is the home of the second French Continental Pro (2nd division) team that we supply with equipment.The BRETAGNE SCHULLER team is mainly made up of young and eager riders. With their emblematic black and white jerseys, they are supported by the whole region. Always on the podium of French teams, the BRETAGNE-SCHÜLLER team has the advantage of a strong tide of empathy across the entire country.

 

LA POMME MARSEILLE
equipe-marseille
 

LA POMME MARSEILLE, Continental (3rd division) team has been using the CORIMA wheel range for several years. While highlighting the promise of its young riders in the professional calendar’s events, this leading club from the south of France continues to pursue its educational and training role.