wheel info.txt

PERFORMANCE
Top performance wheels have 4 qualities

Aerodynamics
Light Weight
Lateral Rigidity
Inertia in Rotation
The result of this combined is perfect synergy between speed and overall handling

AERODYNAMICS
CORIMA wheels are wind tunnel tested. In fact, through their mother company CORIMA Technology Aerospace circa 1977, CORIMA has been analyzing aerodynamic profiles of wheel rims and spokes since 1988.  The end result is the world’s swiftest wheels – having won multiple Pro Tour races in 2012.

WEIGHT
CORIMA believes a race wheel must be light but must also consider rigidity and durability. They have been doing just that for 25 years and have learned a thing or two about world class composite carbon performance. Wheels have to be light but also strong and CORIMA wheels are as light and strong as they get.  They combine the industry’s highest acumen around wheel technology with the best materials producing a wheel for the world’s fastest pelotons.

BRAKING
CORIMA has been committed to designing the world’s best performance wheels for the past 25 years, not just so their wheels go fast but also so they have incredible stopping power and breaking finesse. CORIMA understands that riders need confidence when handling their bike through deep corners and speedy descents. CORIMA’s industry leading brake pads coupled with the highest quality composite carbon rims (featuring an internal carbon bridge) perform like no other wheel during all braking situations making them the envy of the peloton.

All Corima rims are made with an internal foam core to make a smooth ride quality and noise free plus an internal bridge to reinforce the braking surface of the rim.
All Corima rims are made with an internal foam core – to make a smooth ride quality and eliminate noise – plus an internal bridge to reinforce the braking surface of the rim.

STABILITY
CORIMA wheels are hand built by craftsmen. Their tension is precise and specifically optimized for performance. CORIMA rims feature a foam core, which augment a truly unique ride quality providing rigidity and comfort at the same time. SAPIM spokes complete the structure, pairing CORIMA rims to CORIMA hubs.